[OSDOCS#17136]: Changes as per CQA guidelines (#111163)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-ip-address-clock-changes.adoc

= IP address changes or clock adjustments

[role="_abstract"]

> `{microshift-short}` requires consistent device IP addresses and system-wide clock settings during runtime. However, these settings might change on edge devices due to DHCP updates or Network Time Protocol (NTP) adjustments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{microshift-short} depends on device IP addresses and system-wide clock settings to remain consistent during its runtime. However, these settings might occasionally change on edge devices because of updates or time adjustments.
```
the previous abstract was easier to understand; this change is full of technical jargon (and it might not be accurate); recommend combining or reverting

> If the IP address or system time changes, some `{microshift-short}` components might stop functioning correctly. To mitigate this, `{microshift-short}` monitors the IP address and system time and restarts if a change is detected.

Reviewer: revert

> The threshold for a clock-driven restart is a time change greater than 10 seconds in either direction. Small drifts during regular NTP service adjustments do not trigger a restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The threshold for a clock-driven restart is a time change of greater than 10 seconds in either direction. Small drifts during regular Network Time Protocol (NTP) service adjustments do not trigger a restart.
```
